Let's dive deeper into how navigation works and what we can do with it.
Do you remember that I told you that there is an alternative to automatically generating pages.
Well there is and we will do this now.
It's manually generating pages.
Let's say for our users we also want to have a user page.
So a single user or a page because remember we do have two buttons to load single users here.
Now of course you could use the Selye to generate a new folder a new user folder and user page but you
can also do this manually and you could either do it nested inside Users folder though that's not possible
for DCL as of now or you'd do it in the pages folder for bigger apps you probably want to nest your
pages because otherwise your page is full is going to get pretty big and it's hard to see which pages
are connected.
So I'll do it nested inside user's folder.
I'll add a user folder in there and in there I will create and you file a user dot TS file notice a
different naming.
It's not user dot component or user dot page you could name it like this.
But typically in ionic two application you don't do it since it's stored in the pages folder anyways.
It's pretty clear that it is a page.
And again keep in mind a page is a component.
We're just using it as a page.
Rudy iconic to navigation stack.
So in there I will export a class named user page.
Here again you do name it page.
You follow this convention so that when you imported an average file it's pretty clear that this is
a component used as a page.
And then we add d at component decorator.
And again this needs to be imported from angular core not from Ionic.
Here you can define a selector and you typically prefix it with page.
So Page user for example and then a template and you could use an inline template for example with back
text to write multiline strings or you point to an external file user on aged email which I still need
to create.
So I will create this file here now.
User and in there we have two important pieces Ironhead header and of course the ion content.
By the way D plug in I'm using here to just type in content.
And then all that completed is called Amut.
It's available for editors too.
You can simply search for it now in the header.
We typically have a nav bar.
This is where this back button will be added and then APH bar we typically have a title for this page.
We simply could say user for now.
Now in the content you can place any content you like.
I will add padding to get as well nice padding on the edges and you can of course also middes now which
content do we want to render here.
Well I'd say it would be great to connect the content we show here to the button that we clicked on
the user's template.
So if I click the max button I want to say hi IMX for example and if I click the button I want to say
hey hi I'm Anna but I don't want to create two separate pages of course I want to you reuse the same
one.
So here I want to say hi.
I'm and then kind of yeah kind of like the name right.
So would be great to have a name property which we can output with string and Appalachian and here and
title we could maybe also say name to really have days be tailored to the user we are loading.
Now clearly we don't have a name property so let's change it.
It should be of type string but of course it's not initialized.
How do we get the data from the user's page tudy use page.
I will show you how to do this in the next video.
Before doing this let's do something else though so that we don't forget it.
Let's register to use our page here in the app module user page.
Make sure to add to the import and make sure to also added to the entry components for the same reason
as before.
With this I will save this and I will see you in the next lecture when we will pass data from the users
to the user component